After hearing everything, the beautiful winged bird saw his body and shortened his figure.
"" "Don't worry," "the bird said to the black man," "because you are afraid of my terrible figure, so I'm shrinking my energy." ""
Saudi continued, the bird was able to stay where it liked, how much power and how much power he could increase, and the bird carried Aruns back and followed his father's house to the beach on his mother's side across the ocean.
But when the sun was determined to burn the world with its own rays, he placed the Great Sun in the East
"Saunagar said," "When did the appreciable sun decide to burn the world?" ""
The Kumbakonam edition is similar to the Ganguly edition
This part does not exist in the version of the Bibek Tibroy
O Sins, O Sins, the Sun and the Moon betrayed us by standing by the gods and drinking Amudha while crossing the Red Sea for Amudha
From then on, he hated the gods
"He said," "This hatred of Raghu started from my desire to do good to the Gods"
"" "I'm the only one who enjoys it"
"" "I didn't get any help at that time"
I am going to be swallowed up in front of all the heavenly beings, and they are going to quietly allow this
"So, I am going to destroy the world." ""
From there, he expressed his heat everywhere to destroy the world.
"The great sages, who went to the gods, said," "Here, in the middle of the night, the heat threatens every heart and destroys three worlds." ""
Why do the gods and the sages go to the great lord and cause this heat to rise and frighten him?
What will happen to him?
Today the sun is truly ready for the end of the world
Whenever he shows up, he burns everything to ashes
"" "I have already done that"
Everyone knows Arunan, the intelligent son of Kashibar
His sun, with its massive body and great Gandhi, stands in front of him and is his rider and takes away all the power of the former
This action will ensure the good of the world, and the good of the sages and the inhabitants of the world
e said.
The Saudis continued, and Arunan did whatever he was asked to do, as per the orders of the Great Master
Arun's body exhumed by the sun
Why was the sun so angry?
Ask the next question you asked a while ago
