"Saudi said," "The mighty bird, who can go to any place of his choice, went to his mother's place and landed on the beach"
There, Vidai failed the race and lived a miserable life as a slave
Once, Kathru called for a question
"When she fell down and got up, Kadru said in front of her son," "Oh, the soft action, in the middle of the sea, where no one can reach, there is a place for beautiful and delightful snakes."
Take me there.
After saying this, the mother of the beautiful winged bird carried the mother of the snakes
At the behest of his mother, he picked up the snakes
The astrologer, who was born to Vinda, stood up to the sun
So the snakes were shot by the suns rays and fainted
Seeing the condition of her nephews, Kadru prayed to Indra saying, I worship you.
I worship you, O God, the one who killed the prize. I worship you.
O you that have thousands of eyes, you that have slain a moth, you that have slain a snake, you that have been slain by the sun, you shall save with your dew.
Oh, the best of Gods! You are our best protector.
O Purandara, you are the one who orders the rains during the season.
You are the gas, the cloud, the fire, the lightning in the sky, you are the scatterer of the clouds, you are the great cloud.
You are the unique, the terrible thunder and the thundering clouds
You created the world and destroyed it.
You cant win.
You are the light of all living beings, Adithya, Vibhas, and the wonderful Gods.
You are the God of all gods.
You, Lord Vishnu, are the One with thousands of eyes.
O God, thou art the most excellent, the most excellent.
You are the Moon, You are the Moon
You grow and you grow.
The fault is you, the cast is you, the art is you
You are the year, the seasons are you, the months are you, the nights are you, the days are you.
You are a beautiful land, full of mountains and forests
The sky is your sunshine
You are the ocean full of whales, whales, fish, and other creatures.
You are the one who is admired by the sages and the wise
You are the one who drinks the lethargy of yokes, the pure ghee with spells, for the benefit of all living beings in the world.
You are the one who is always worshipped by the Brahmans who desire the fruits of desire.
You are the Almighty, the One who is recited in the Scriptures and in the Scriptures.
You are the reason why the learned Brahmins always pray and study the Vedas with great care.
