Saudi continues: The tree branch broke as soon as it touched the mighty black hole with its feet.
He grabbed it with the broom
With his eyes turned in wonder, he saw the saints hanging upside down from it and making mistakes
Realizing that if the branch fell, the sages would be killed, the mighty man held the elephant and the tortoise tighter
Fearing that the sages would be killed, and wishing to save them, he raised the branch with his legs and wings.
The great sages were amazed at what even the gods could not do and gave the mighty bird a name
"The valkyriyas said," "When he is the first of the birds to eat snakes and the heavier burden he carries, the higher with his wings, let him be known as the black eagle." ""
Volgoggers give the name to Garudon
Before that, what was his name?
Vainthaiyan means the son of the sage who flew gently in the sky, with his wings shaking the mountains
When he climbed up with the elephant and the tortoise, he looked down at the various parts below
He wanted to save the Volgiliers and found no place to sit
Finally, he went to the top of the mountains, Mount Kandhamal
There he saw his father who was engaged in penance with dedication
The skydiver, who was in the divine form, who could not be conquered by the gods, the powerful, the strong and the strong, the wind, the passionate, who was as big as the mountain, who was ready to strike like the curse of the Brahman, who could not understand, who could not describe, who scared all life, who had great power, who could not be conquered by the gods, by the demons, by the fire, who split the mountain, who could drink the ocean, who could destroy all the three worlds, who was as fierce as his son, who could not stand the sight of his mother.
The famous cashier, who noticed that he was getting closer to him, knew his purpose
Cashier, oh, you freak! Don't do something that you don't investigate.
If you do, you will suffer.
"" "If these valagilyars, who drink the sunrays and survive, are angry, they will scatter you," "said Saudis."
"" "It's a difficult task"
He asked me to give him permission.
The Saudi continued, and the monks, who had been requested by the famous leper, left the branch and went to the holy Himalayas to compose their sermons
"When the sages left, the son of the ascetic kept the branch of the question in his mouth, and with a voice interrupted, he asked his father, Gachir," "O Lord, where shall I throw the branch of this tree? O Lord, show me a place where there are no men." ""
Cassieber spoke of a mountain where ordinary creatures could not even approach, with caves and snowcapped valleys
The great eagle carried a branch, an elephant, and a tortoise and flew toward the mountain
Even if he built a huge tree with a hundred pieces of leather, he would not be able to make a circle around the big tree that the giant bird carried away
With the King of Birds, Garuda, he flew over a hundred thousand plans in a very short time
The skydiver, in a second, followed his father's direction and reached the mountain and dropped the giant branch
It fell with a bang.
The Kumbakonam edition shows that the thread made of the skin of a hundred cows is an old text
The prince of the mountains was shaken by a storm that struck with the wings of the eagle
Trees and plants are being felled.
The peaks, adorned with jewels and gold, collapsed on all sides
The falling branch fell on the trees with golden flowers in the midst of the dark leafy clusters, like the lightening clouds
The trees, which glow like gold, fell, were dyed with mountain metals and glowed like they bathed in the sun
Then, with the best of the birds, black, sitting on the top of the mountain, he had an elephant and a tortoise, and left the mountain and flew at great speed
Various bad omens appeared and frightened the gods
Indra's favourite diamond weapon sparkles with fear
The meteorites from the sky fell with fire and smoke during the day
The weapons of the Vasus, the Rudras, the Aadiyas, the Sabaeans, the Doctors and other Gods have spent their power within themselves
Such a thing has never happened even during the Devasura war
Lightning kills thousands of people
Though the sky was cloudy, it was drizzling
God showers blood on the gods
The garlands around the necks of the gods faded away
Brutal clouds and heavy rain
The dust from the breeze caused the crowns of the gods to fade and fade away
And when he saw these evil things, he, and the gods that were with him, were confounded with fear, and said unto him, O thou that art worthy of worship, wherefore then are these natural calamities risen up all of a sudden, and have found no foe in the war to overcome us?
O Lord of the Gods, Brahaspati, O Lord of the Gods, the one who performed a thousand prayers is your fault, your negligence and the spiritual mistake of the great sage Valagilya
The son of Cassiper and Vindoi, who is a very powerful astronaut and who just thought of the image, is on his way to capture Soma
The bird is one of the most powerful birds in the world and can make you feel lazy.
He can do everything.
He can achieve what he cannot
"" "On hearing these words, Indra plans to rob Amudha from the guards of Amudha, a bird of great strength and power," "Saudi continued."
"" "He shouldn't have taken it"
So let me warn you in advance.
"" "Brahaspati told me that he has immense power"
The gods were surprised to hear this and took safety measures
They stood around the mast.
Indra, a great warrior and a diamond merchant, stood with them
The deities wore jewels of gold and golden armour, and armlets of solid and shiny leather
The mighty Gods wore a variety of weapons with different pointed and terrifying figures
All those unnumbered weapons blazed fire and smoke
They wore many wheels, iron rods with pointed ends, trident and war axes, different types of sharp knives, shining wads, and cruel weapons
The gods waited there, wearing bright weapons and divine ornaments, illuminated and allayed their fears
The gods with their unmatched strength, power and brilliance were determined to protect Amum
They looked like fire, capable of destroying the cities of the Asuras
Since the gods stood there with hundreds of thousands of iron stories, the place was like another sky shone with the rays of the sun
