"Gardansouthi said," "When the snakes said this, I went with Garuda to his mother and brought her amuthi." ""
"" "I want to eat something"
Please guide me
In the distance, in the middle of the ocean, there is a beautiful dwelling place for the Nishadars
You shall eat the thousands of Nishad there, and you shall bring them for your offerings.
But do not try to take the life of a Brahmin into your mind
The Brahmin should not be killed in all living beings.
He's really like a fire.
When a Brahmin becomes angry, he becomes like a fire, or like the sun, or a weapon with a sharp end, or a poison.
The Brahmin is said to be the leader of all living beings.
For this and other reasons, the Brahmin is revered among the virtuous
So it is not good to have animosity with Brahmins under any circumstances
O my son, if thou be angry, slay not the Brahmins.
O sinless man, even the sun and fire cannot burn like the fire of a brahmin who had severe fasts
You can find a good Brahmin with many such references
The Brahman is the first of all living beings
First of four colours
He is the father and the leader of all living beings.
And he said, Mother, what form will a Brahmin be in, and what will his conduct be like, and what powers will he have? Is he as bright as fire, or is he silent?
"The question was," "O good-for-nothing man, when you enter your throat, know as if you were a fish or a coal burner, the best among the Brahmins." ""
You should not kill any Brahmin in anger
"She said," "Because of her love for her son, once again, you should know that the one who cannot be digested by your bowels is a good Brahmin." ""
Confused and disappointed by the snakes, she blessed her son with all her heart, even though she knew of his unique strength
Let the sun, and the moon, and the stars, and the planets, and the stars, and the planets, and the stars, and the planets.
The fire shall keep your head, the spears shall save your whole body.
I am here for your benefit
"She said," "You fool, go and finish your work safely." ""
The Saudis continued, and, listening to his mother's words, he stretched out his wings and climbed up into the sky
The rich and hungry man hurried and fell on the soothsayers like another building.
Wanting to kill the Nishadars, he created a huge dust storm and hid the sky
He drew water from the sea and shook the trees that grew in the mountains
The king of the birds with his mouth closed the main gates of the city of Nishad and enlarged the gate
The Nishadas ran in the direction of his open mouth, eating the snake with great speed.
Just as thousands of birds roared into the sky from the trees of the forest, blinded by the dust of the storm, the Nishadas fell into the open to welcome them
Then the chief of the astrologers, the one who destroyed those enemies, the one who had great power, the one who moved with great pleasure to finish his work, the one who was hungry.
