Saudi said that after crossing the sea, Katru, with the help of his sister, got down near the horse.
They both found the first of the fastest horses to be white and with black hair as if it were moonlight
Pointing to the fact that the horse had a lot of black hair on its tail, Kathru made the extremely beleaguered reaction his slave
She lost the race and was devastated to hear that she had entered into slavery
At the same time, the personification of his willpower, the ability to go where he thought he wanted, the power of Gandhi, the power of Gandhi, the power of his mind, the power of his hands, when his time came, he brightened all the points of the universe and broke the egg without the help of his mother
He shone fearfully with the light of a heap of fire
As soon as the bird was born with a lightning - like eye and with Gandhi as the flame of the end of the era, the bird grew faster and increased in size and flew in the sky
He was a fierce and passionate man, and he looked like a second sea fire.
All the gods who saw him were frightened and sought protection from Vibhavas
And they bowed themselves to the image of the god that sat on his throne, and worshipped, and said, Fire, increase not thy body, and eat us up: behold, these great clouds come up abundantly.
This is not what you think, Fire, O you who oppress the demons.
This is the most powerful
He who resembles me in the light is born to increase the joy of being asked by the most powerful.
The bright light that you see has caused this frenzy in you
He is the destroyer of the Nagas, the great son of the Khasibar, and the benefactor of the gods, and the enemy of the Tahitians and the giants.
Dont worry about him.
He said to the gods, Come and see with me
You are the creator of all, the destroyer of all, the creator of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the earth, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all, the Lord of all.
You, O wise, have made us to err, and have made us to err: you, O spirit, are the God of gods. you are the great truth, the fear not: you are the incorruptible, the undefiled, the undefiled, the froward, the undefiled, the froward, the froward, the froward. For you, O you that are seen by us, are the living God, and the dead, and you that hide the light of the sun, the destroyer of everything, the destroyer of everything, the destroyer of everything, the destroyer of nothing, and the destroyer of nothing,
O thou terrible one, which destroyest all flesh in the midst of the flood, as the sun burneth all flesh in his wrath: thou art not destroyed, O thou that destroyest all flesh in the midst of the flood.
O mighty Dark One, we beg you for our safety.
O thou manna of the fowls, that dwellest between the heavens and the earth, that dwellest between the earth and the mountains, that dwellest between the earth, that dwellest between the earth and the mountains, that dwellest between the earth, that dwellest between the earth and the mountains, that dwellest between the earth and the mountains, that dwellest between the earth, that dwellest between the earth and the heaven, that dwellest between the earth, that dwellest between the earth and the mountains, that dwellest between the earth.
Save the gods of the spirits of the dead, that fly about in the earth in their carriages, for fear of you.
O thou fairest of birds, thou art the chief of all, the son of the merciful, the high spirit, the son of Casiaphar, be merciful, and not angry with the universe.
Turn away your anger, and save us: for you are the chief of all.
By your thunder you make the ten points of the universe, the sky, the heavens, the earth, and our hearts to tremble, O bird,
Let your body condense like fire
When we see you with an angry Yamana-like Gandhi, we are shaken by the loss of peace in our hearts.
O thou chief of the birds. let thy mercy, O thou chief of the fowls, be good to us in thy mercy.
O Lord, give us joy and good fortune.
