Sudhi said, After crossing the sea, Katru, who was speeding fast, descended near the horse with her sister Vinatha.

They both found the first of the fast-moving horses to be as white as the moon's rays and with black hair.

Pointing out that there was a lot of hair in the horse's mouth, Katru took Vinatha, who was very stubborn, as her slave.

She was grieved that she had fallen into such a trap, and that she had entered into bondage.

At the same time, the great beast, Gandhi the Great, the Powerful, the capable of creating what he wanted, the able to go where he wanted, the able to increase his power as much as he wanted, when his time came, brightened all the points of the universe, broke the bridge without her help, and came out.

He shines with a glow like the glow of a fire.

The bird, with a lightning-like vision and the likeness of Gandhi to the fire of the end of the war, grew rapidly and grew in stature and flew into the sky from birth.

And when he had laid his hands on him with trembling and trembling, he appeared fearful like the second fire of the sea.

And all the gods that saw him feared him, and sought refuge in him.

And they worshipped the God that sat on his throne, which had many figures, and said these words, O Agni, enlarge not thy flesh, but let us in. They said, "Behold, the waves of this plague are spreading out." He said, "O you who persecute the ungods, do not believe as you think.

He is like me in light, with great power, and great power, and born to increase the joy of knowledge.

The luminous light that you see has caused this delusion in you.

This is the son of the chief priest, the destroyer of the nails, the worker of the good of the gods, the enemy of the Tyrants, and of the chariots.

Don't be afraid of him

He said to the gods, Come with me.

And the gods said from afar, Thou art the firstborn, the one who divideth much of the wickedness of the stakes, the one who always shineth, the head of the weak and the weak, the destroyer of all, the creator of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of all, the destroyer of

Knowledge You, Us Mayakkam Maya You, Uturumum Spirit You, Thevaram Devan You, Periya Truth You, Fearless You, Andi Unchanging You, Unqualified Brahmam You, Kathiravanin Power You, Siddhan Activities You, Ours Kaplan You, Goddesses Sea You, Saint Manavan You, Darkness Characterless You, High River Characteristics Anuradhapura You, Engal Competitions Invincible You, Unnilamunda All Produced, Wonderful Activities Seibavan You, Wasavai None All You, தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ தூ Knowledge You, Kathiravan Dhan Radicals Light Data Paul, Namak Scene Taruphavan You, Andattuli All living, Inanimate All You, Sun Light Papappavan You, All Destroyer You, Destruction Destructive Allum Neeye

A wise heart and a wise eye! You are the one who burns all things, O dreadful man, as the scorpion burns all things in anger: you are not destroyed, though all the fire of the camp be destroyed.

O thou barren and mighty beast of the sky, we ask thee to protect us.

O Lord of the Birds!  You are the unnatural power and the fire-like Gandhi, who shines like an inaccessible lightning, you are the toucher of clouds, you are the cause and cause, you are the giver of incomes, you are the invincible bravery, 

Oh God! These are all warmed up by your Gandhi, like the gold of luxury. Save the high spirit gods who fly in the sky in their cars, in fear of you.

Oh, the best of birds!  You, the Head of all things, Son of the Most Merciful, the Son of the Most High, the Nazarene, have mercy on all things, and be not angry with them.

Thou art the chief over all things: forsake our anger, and save us.

O bird, by thy voice, as the sound of a thunder, thou causest the ten points of the universe, and the heavens, and the heavens, and the earth, and our hearts, to tremble continually.

And thou shalt weave thy body like Agni.

When we see you with Gandhi like angry Yaman, we lose the peace in our hearts.

O Lord of the Birds!  Have mercy on us, and do good to us with your mercy.

O Lord of hosts!  So the bird with the beautiful wings of the gods and the saints diminished his power and Gandhi.

