He said, "He who hears all of it, the beautiful bird of the wings, sees his body and compresses his form.

The bird said, "Don't be afraid. I am restricting my power because you are in fear of my terror."

'The bird, who was able to get to the place where he was staying and to increase as much power as he wanted, carried the Ark on his back and followed his father's house to the beach next to his mother on the banks of the ocean. At the time of Kathiravano's decision to burn the worlds with his storms, he had placed a great Gandhian enchantment in the East.'

He said, "When will the worlds be burned?" What did the gods do to him to provoke him to anger?"

The sun and the moon showed him, "O sinless man, when you set foot on the rocky sea for the pilgrimage, you stood by the gods of the rock and drank the pilgrimage. Since then he has been an enemy of the gods.

And he said to him, The Lord is my God; and the Lord is my God; and the Lord is my God; and the Lord is my God.

I am the only one who is experiencing its benefits. In fact, I did not get any help at this time.

I am going to be swallowed up in front of all the dreamers, and they will allow it peacefully. Therefore, I am going to destroy the worlds.

He went to the mountains. From there, he revealed his heat everywhere to destroy the world.

The chief priests who went to the gods said, "Here is the great heat in the middle of the night, which has threatened every heart and destroyed the three worlds."

The gods summoned the trinity and went to the Great Lord, saying, "Why is this heat rising and threatening today?

The cloud has not risen yet, but destruction is manifest. What will happen to him, O head?" They said.

He said, "Today, God is preparing to rise for the destruction of the world. Whenever he sees the scene, he will burn them all to the ground.

I have already taken steps to amend it.

Everyone is aware of the Wise Son of Kashi Baba. And he who is with his great body, and with his great forefather, will stand before Kathiravan, and he will be his goddess, and he will take away all the power of the former. This will ensure the good of the world and the good of the saints and the God-fearing."

He said, "I'll tell you what I'm going to do, I'll tell you what I'm going to do, what I'm going to do." He was clothed in Arun's body and was accompanied by Kathiravan.

Why have I been angry with Kathiravan so far? How was Arunah, the daughter of Karunah, appointed his goddess? That's what I said. Ask the next question you asked a while ago."

