And Saul said, The great bird, which can go wherever he pleases, went down to his mother's house, and came to the sea.

There she was defeated in the battle of Vinathai, and lived a miserable life as a slave.

And when she fell down and worshipped him, and rose up, Gathru said in the presence of her son, O gentle man, in the midst of the sea, in a place no man can reach, there is a dwelling place of beautiful and pleasurable serpents.

And she said, Lift me up there. And the mother of the beautiful dove carried the mother of the frogs.

And he lifted up the serpents, according to the word of his mother, with his hand.

And it came to pass, that the prophet that was born of Vinathai rose up, and went up to Gathron.

So the serpents were struck by the rays of the moon, and they were deluded.

And when she saw the condition of her brethren, she begged Indra, saying, I worship You, O God. I worship you, you murderer of Virutran! I worship you

Thou that slew the sea, Thou that hadst thousands, Thou that washed the sand of the sea, save the serpents of the sun with thy rains.

Oh, the best of gods! Our Best Guardian You

Oh, Purantara! You are the one who guarantees rainfall during the season

You are the air, you are the cloud, you are the fire, you are the lightning in the air.

Thou spreadest the clouds, and thou art called the great cloud.

Thou art the evil thunder and the screaming clouds.

Thou art the Creator of the world, and Thou art the destroyer thereof.

Invincible You

Thou art the light of all creatures, Aditya, Vibhavas, and the wonders of the earth.

Deva Varan Thalaivan Neeye

You, Vishnu, have thousands! O God, O ultimate protection!

Oh God! You are the beginning and the end of the battle.

Moon Day You, Bala You, Kshan You

Grow and grow and grow

Tridi Neee, Kashdi Neee, Kalai Neee

Thou art the year, the seasons, the months, the nights, the days.

A beautiful earth, full of mountains and fountains.

Sun shining in the sky

Thou art the ocean, full of whales, and of creatures that swallow whales, and of fowls, and of many fish.

Thou art judged by men of discernment, and by men of wisdom.

You drink the sorrow of the veins, and the clear nectar of the magic, for the good of all the creatures of the world.

Thou art always obeyed in the wells by the lovers of the fruits of love.

Thou art a mighty man without measure, and thou art sung in the scriptures and in the books.

You are the reason that the educated Frenchmen have always used the wheels and studied the scriptures with great care.

