Said Saudi, the monkeys in the rain were delighted afterwards.

And they hurried to the fire, carrying the beautiful bird with wings.

The island was decreed by the Creator of the universe to be the dwelling place of the sons of men.

And there they found the dreadful sea of lava.

The people who came with the canoe realized that there was a beautiful forest, cleaned by water, on the banks of the sea, and that the evening of the musicians with wings was full everywhere.

Therein were trees full of clusters of various kinds of flowers and fruits.

They were filled with beautiful palaces, and gardens full of mothers.

There were many lakes with clean water.

There was enthusiasm for the clean sandy southern side.

There were many trees growing only on the Malaya Mountain, and their heights were as high as the sky.

And in many trees, their flowers were cut down, and spread beautifully with the help of the sun.

Thus was the chamber beautiful, and always pleasing and pleasurable to the lovers.

It contained wine from flowers, and was filled with precious stones.

All these scenes made me very happy.

In many ways the temple was joyful, beautiful and holy to all.

It echoed the melodies of many birds and made the landlords of Katru happy.

And the monkeys came to the forest, and laid down their sleep with joy.

Bring us to another beautiful island, full of pure water, to the King of the birds, the mighty Throne.

And they commanded you, that if you were not a spaceman, you should see many beautiful places when you fly.

Having thought for a while, Karudan asked his mother, "Hey, why do I have to fulfill all the orders of these ants? Nara Kedan

And to his son, the great and mighty and mighty, the heavenly and the earthly: O best of the birds! for my evil I am obeyed to my host.

When his mother heard this, she said, 'These ants have deceived me, defeated me in the race, and put me in this situation.' He said, 'The plane is very painful. Tell the ants, monkeys, if I bring anything, or if I have knowledge of anything, or if I commit any act of bravery, we shall be free from this bondage.'

Soundi continued, "The frogs have heard this, take the reins with your strength.

O bird, then you will be delivered from your bondage.

