He said to his mother, "I'm going to go and bring the hammer. I want to eat something along the way. guide me."

"There is a beautiful neighbourhood of Nishadars in the middle of the town. Bring the aid by feeding the thousands of Nishats who live there.

But think not in your heart to kill the life of any man. All animals should not be slaughtered. He is indeed like fire.

When a man becomes angry, he becomes like fire, or like the sun, or like an armor with sharp edges, or like a poison. For this and for other reasons, Brahman is fought among those who are more disciplined.

Therefore, enmity with the Brahmans is not good under any circumstances. Oh, my son! And if you be angry, kill not the young men.

O sinless man! Like the anger of a Frenchman with severe frustrations, neither the sun nor the energy can burn.

You can know a good Brahmin with many such references. He was born before all life. It is the first of its kind. He is the father of all things, and the head of all things."

And he said: O my mother! What is the form of the Brahman? How will his conduct be? Who has powers? Is he as light as fire? Or is he calm?

What are the best signs to identify a Brahmin? You have to answer me," he said.

He said, "Oh, my God! And when you enter your throat, you shall know that he is the best of the fishermen to cause you trouble, as the seaweed does, or as the coal burns.

You shouldn't kill anyone in anger." And when he laid it upon his son,

He said, "You must know that you are a good man, and that you will not be killed by your sword."

Despite being deceived by the monkeys and feeling overwhelmed, she blessed him wholeheartedly even though she knew the enormous strength of her son.

Let the sun protect your birds, and let the moon and the sun protect your back. Agni shall keep your head, and the veins shall keep your whole body.

I also sit here for your good. Oh, my God! Go safe and finish your business,' she said.

He said, "When he heard the words of his mother, he stretched out his arms and ascended to heaven. The rich man, the hungry man, hurried and fell upon the beggars like another man.

He desired to kill the unbelievers, so he caused a great smoke to rise therein, and hid the sky. And he took water out of the sea, and crushed the trees that grow in the mountains.

And the king of the birds, with his mouth, secured the gates of the city of the Nishats, and made the gates great. The Nishadars fled with great speed towards the direction of the open mouth of the one who eats the Bamboo.

And as the thousands of birds rose up from the trees of the wilderness, which were shaken by the wind, in a great confusion, so they were blind in the dust of the wilderness, and fell into the mouth of the pit, which was open to welcome them.

Then the captain of the ships, who destroyed the enemies, and was mighty in power, and was able to carry out his work with a great armor, and was hungry, smote with his mouth the multitude of the fishermen who worked in the fishing industry.'

