A Frenchman with his wife entered the throat of the aircraft.

The old man shot the bird's throat like a burning tree.

When I open my mouth unto thee, thou shalt go forth swiftly.

Why should a Frenchman commit a sinful deed, but he cannot be killed by me?

When Karun said this, the Frenchman said, Oh, let my wife, this Nishatab, come out with me.

And Aaron, take with you the woman of the Nishat tribe, and come forth quickly.

He said, "Save yourselves from the heat of my sword, and do not sink, lest you be slain."

Chaudhry continued, then the Frenchman went out with his wife of the Nishat tribe and praised Karuna and went the way he wanted.

When he came out with his wife, the bird stretched out the king's wings and entered the sky at speed.

And when he saw his father, he was called to him, and he spoke to him correctly.

The Great One, O foolish one!  Are you good? Do you have enough food to eat? Do you get a lot of food in the world of people? I asked him

My Mother Is Well

My Father and I are the same

But Father, I do not always have enough food, so I do not have peace of mind.

I have been sent by serpents to bear a wonderful burden.

To free my mother from slavery, I will surely bear it today

My mother commanded me to be friends with the Nishadars

I have eaten them in thousands, but my hunger is not enough.

So show me some other sustenance, for I am strong enough to take away the burden.

He said to the Governor Karuna, "The lake you see is very sacred, and you can see that it is the most sacred lake in the world.

And faith is known in God.

There is an elephant facing down, continuously dragging his brother's wife.

I will tell you in detail about the enmity between them from the beginning.

I will explain why they are here in detail. Listen carefully.

In ancient times there was a great man called Vibhavasur.

And he was very angry.

He had a brother named Subradikan.

The latter was unwilling to share his wealth with his brother.

Subradikan always talked about division.

It is a great foolishness for men to seek to divide the riches of their fathers, because of the blind desire for wealth, when they saw Vibhavasur Subradikan after a while.

And after they have divided their spouses, they will fight one against another in the lust of riches.

Then the enemies in the coat of arms of friends between the ignorant and the self-interested will point to faults and make arguments, and the conflict will become stronger, so that the latter will fall one after the other.

Faster arrival of full-scale casualties

That is why the wise shall not provoke division among brothers: but the brothers that are divided shall forsake the official authority, and shall live in fear of one another.

But Subradika, you do not accept my advice and always want to arrange for your personal wealth in separation, so you cursed the sea as an elephant.  

And when he had seen the cursed, he cursed Vibhashur, saying, Thou shalt be the sea, and thou shalt dwell in the middle of the waters.

These foolish men, Subradikan and Vibawarsur, both cursed one another for their wealth, and became elephants and females.

In their anger, they became like the lower animals.

And they are full of strength and weight, and they have always grown enemies among themselves.

In this lake, the two large-bodied animals are walking in harmony with their predators.

And behold, one of them, this beautiful elephant of great stature, is approaching.

And when he hears the break of the elephant, he comes forth, and shakes the lake violently.

When the elephant sees the mother, he throws out his blessing and runs into the water.

And with great power, and with the movement of his fingers, and with his praise, and with his wings, and with his feet, mixes the waters of the lake full of fish.

The powerful man also comes forward to raise his head and attack.

Elephant has a height of six yojanas and a two-fold diameter.

Behold, I have three ways to go, and ten ways to go.

Take these two as sustenance, ready to attack one another, and kill one another as madmen, and then accomplish whatever you wish.

And eat the mighty elephant, which is like a mountain, and like a multitude of black clouds, and bring the staff. 

And Saul continued, and said to Karunah, Blessed are you when you fight with the gods.

Oh, my God! Blessed be thee, the whole family, the brethren, the goats, and all the holy things.

O Lord of hosts! And he blessed him, saying, When thou shalt fight with the gods, let Rick, and Yazur, and Sam, and the holy rod, and all the branches, strengthen thee. 

So Karuna, blessed by his father, went near the lake.

He saw all kinds of birds around the pure water.

The fast moving plane remembered the words of his father, and touched the elephant at one time and the mother at another.

Then the bird flew to the sky high.

When he reached the sacred place of Alama Tirtham, he found many deity trees there.

And the trees began to tremble with fear because of the blow of the wind which his birds raised up.

And the godly trees with gold branches, they feared that we might break.

And when he saw the trees giving the desired yield, and the plane trembled in fear, he sought other trees of a similar appearance.

And the great trees had branches of gold and silver, and fruit of precious stones.

They were cleansed by sea water.

And when the King of the birds approached at the speed of his heart, he said, Sit down in my great branch, which stretches forth a hundred cubits, and make love to the elephant and to the mother.

And he, the best of the birds, and the mightiest of the mountains, and the mightiest of the speeds, sat fast on the branch of the altar, and saw the rambling of the branch, full of leaves, and a dwelling place for thousands of fowls.

