And Saul went on, and when he had touched a great hammer with his feet, the branch of the tree fell, and the hammer seized it.

And behold, the Lamb cast out his eyes, and saw the disciples of heaven hanging down from it, prostrating themselves.

And the mighty man, when he perceived that if the branch fell down, they would surely be put to death, took away the elephant and the sheep.

And fearing that the saints might be slain, he lifted up the branch, and smote the birds with his staff, to save them.

And the great priests marveled at this deed, which could not be done by the gods, and called the mighty bird a name.

And the angels said, Let him be known as Kardan, because he is the first of the birds, and the first of the airmen, and bears a great burden. And the angels named Kardan.

When he ascended with the elephant and the mother, he looked at the various areas below.

He sought to save the people of the worlds, but he found no place to dwell.

Lastly, he went to the first of the mountains, Mount Kandamadan.

There, he found his father, Kashi Baba, engaged in devotion.

He saw the plane, the divine, the most luminous, the most powerful, the most powerful, the wind, the most mindful, the mighty, the peak of the mountains, the one ready to smite immediately, the eighth of wisdom, the one who cannot be described, the one who threatens all life, the most powerful, the most terrible, the one who shines like Agni, the one who cannot be defeated by gods, the givers, the unbelievers, the one who splits the mountain, dwells in the great sea, and destroys the three worlds, the one who depicts as boldly as Yaman, and the one who sees his son Kardan.

And when he saw that he was coming near, the well-known Caesar, knowing his purpose, spoke.

Oh, my gosh! Do not do that which is not seen

If you do so, you will be punished.

These angels who drink the sun's rays and are alive, if they are angry, they will crush you, said Chaudhry. He went on to say, "O those who have been burned by the demons and who have been blessed by the angels, and who have enriched them with spirituality for the sake of their son, the works of Karuna are good works for all life."

The task he is trying to accomplish is hard.

He said, "Give him permission."

And the saints, who had been so requested by the well-known Caesar, left the branch, and went up to the holy mountain of Imaya, to perform their rites.

And when they were gone, he said unto his father, O Lord of hosts, with a loud voice, holding the branch of the genealogy in his mouth. Where shall I cast down the branch of this tree? Oh Praiseworthy! He said, "Show me a place where there are no people."

Kashibir spoke of a mountain without men, which is not even close to the eyes of ordinary creatures, with caves and always frozen valleys.

And the great beast carried the branch, and the elephant, and the male, and fled to the mountain, hurrying.

And he shall make a great statue of the bird, and a great statue of the tree that carried it, with a hundred horns; and he shall not be able to make it round.

The king of birds, Khartoum, flew hundreds of thousands of riders in a very short time.

The plane reached the mountain, following the direction indicated by his father at the time of the crash, and went down the great branch.

It fell with a flame

And the prince of the mountains was shaken, when he was struck by a storm, which was lifted up by the birds of the Chaldeans.

The trees and the flowers bloomed there.

And the mountain was covered with stones and gold, and the mountains were broken, and all the sides fell down.

And the branch that fell down fell upon the trees that had gold flowers in the midst of the buds, and smote them, as though they were clouds with lightning.

And the trees that shined like gold fell down, and the mountains were covered with the shadow of metals, and glowed like the rays of the sun.

Then the best of the birds was the black stork, who sat on the top of the mountain, and had an elephant and a female, and flew away from the mountain, and flew with great speed.

Various evil factions appeared and made the gods afraid.

The pilgrimage of Indra was covered with fear

The stars fell from the sky with fire and smoke all day long.

The weapons of the Vishnus, the Rudras, the Adivas, the Sabeans, the Pharmacists and the other gods have expended their power within themselves.

Even when the War of Devasur had taken place, such an event had not taken place.

The wind blew with thunder, and the stars fell into thousands.

Even though the sky was cloudless, it was screaming.

God to the gods and poured out blood

The fowls of the gods were on their necks, and their courage was lost.

A terrible cloud, and heavy bloody rain.

The dust risen by the blasphemy reduced the size of the bodies of the gods and multiplied them.

Why did these natural wraths suddenly arise to the Prophet, who had seen these evil obstacles and was confused by fear with the other gods? I have found no enemy to overcome us in the battle.

O Prophet, O head of the gods, O Thou who guided the thousands, Your error and neglect, and the spiritual desolation of the saints of the high heavens, are the cause of all this.

The great, powerful fly, the one who reaches the image of the thought in the image of the thought, and the son of Vinathai, come near to conquer Soma, and the bird, the first of the great powers, can draw Soma from you.

He can do everything, and he can achieve what he cannot achieve easily.

 And when Indra heard these words, he went on, and said to the guards of Amuthu, A great and mighty bird intends to conquer Amuthu, and he must not conquer it.

Therefore I warn you in advance.

Prabhu said that he had power beyond measure.

The gods were surprised and took security measures.

And they stood around the altar, and with them stood a mighty man, and a pilgrim.

The goddesses wore breastplates of precious gold with blood stains and sturdy and balanced leather caps.

The mighty gods offered various weapons of various sharp and terrible shapes, all of which were innumerable and lit fireworks and smoke.

They carried in their bodies lots of chariots, iron rods with sharp edges, tripods, armor, various kinds of sharp edged arrows, rounded wings, and weapons of terrible shapes.

And the gods waited there, putting on bright weapons, and divine ornaments, and casting light, and suppressing their fear.

The gods of tremendous strength, power and light resolved to preserve power.

Those who were able to destroy the cities of the wicked, they appeared like fire.

Since the gods stood there with hundreds of thousands of iron stories with pointed poles, the place was like another sky that shines with the rays of the sun.

