O Shudap, son of Saunakar!  What's wrong with him? What was his negligence? How did the birth of the black man come as a result of the demise of the angels? How did the king of the birds become the son of Caesar? How can he be of all creatures, and not win, and not kill? How can the airplane reach the desired destination and reach the desired power? And he said, I want to hear that which is in the scriptures. And he said, Whatsoever thou askest, it is in the scriptures.

O you two, I will tell you all in detail.

And it came to pass in ancient times, that Caiaphas, the chief of the living creatures, used to cast nets for the children, and the elders, and the gods, and the priests, helped him.

And Caesar appointed Indra, and the angels, and the other gods, the saints, to be his helpers, to burn the fuel of the earth.

And the angel of God brought a great burden, like a mountain, to his strength, without any weakness.

On the way, he saw the disciples of the heavens, all of them with the size of a finger, carrying a stick of a fig tree.

The monks were very weak, without food, and their bodies were hidden in their bodies; and they were weakened to the point that they would be weakened in the waters of the valley, which was made by the sheep's claws, on the way.

And the rebellious man waxed proud in his strength, and went over their heads, and turned to them, and laughed in derision, and despised them.

Thus the priests, who were despised, organized a great chariot with great anger and distress, and frightened Indra.

Crossing the head is still taken by us as a shameful act.

Oh, my God! Hear, and let there be another angel in Bethlehem, out of pure filth, the best of the saints, the wise, the desirous, the fulfiler of their desires, and the possessor of the desired power, and the fearer of the head of the gods of the present, who may go everywhere as he pleases, and reach as he pleases.

And they said, Let a man appear as fast as the soul, and as terrible as the spirit, for the sake of our gods.

And the head of the gods, who heard this, and made a thousand vessels, feared greatly, and sought refuge in the sick, and in the sick.

The chief captain of the army asked all things from Indra, and went to the pilgrims and asked whether their quest had been successful.

And the disciples who spoke the truth said, Let it be done as you say: for the prince Cassiaber comforted them, and by the words of Brahman he was appointed to be the head of the gods in the three worlds.

You too, priests, are striving to produce another machine! O ye that are good, let not the words of Brahman be denied to you.

Do not let your efforts go to waste

He said, "Let a man appear as an angel to the living creatures, and have mercy on this angel who stands before you."

The pilgrims, who had been asked to do so by the Kashiyars, began to pay their respects to the first of the tribe, Prajapati Kashiyar. This is a quest that is being conducted by all of us for a mantra! Indeed, this is the process of giving birth to a son to you, and We leave the reward in your hands.

They said, Whatever is good and right in this matter, it will be done.

Sudi went on, and when the time came for a good relationship, she came closer to her hero, because she had finished her pregnancy, cleansed herself, and had hoped for a child, because of the goodness of the spirit, the goodness of the mother, the goodness of the child, the goodness of the spirit, the goodness of the child.

Commissioner, honourable lady, the bowl I have made has now yielded fruit

Whatever you desire, it will be for you.

Two brave sons, the leaders of the three worlds, shall be born to you

And he said, By the purity of my veil, and by the desolation of the angels, the sons shall be well-pleased, and they shall be obedient to the angels. And the glorified Caiaphas brought again to her these holy seeds with great care.

These two are the leaders of all sentient beings.

He said, These brave astronauts, who have achieved their dreams in the form of dreams, will be respected in all three worlds.

And it shall come to pass, when the prince is satisfied with the things that have been done, that two brothers of great strength and valour shall be able to help thee unto Indra, who had laboured a thousand times.

There will be nothing for you from them

Let your affliction be quenched, and you shall be the head of all.

Never again humiliate those who exalt the name of Brahman.

He advised them not to despise the angry, and those who utter words like thunder.

When Indra heard this, he departed from fear and went to God.

She was very happy that her goal had been achieved.

She had two sons, Arun and Karudan.

And Arun (Aaron), born with a weak body, stood by the sun.

Birds were given the leadership of Karnataka

O on the path of the Spirit!  Listen attentively to the great achievements of Karunanidhi

