"" "After hearing everything, the beautiful winged bird saw his body and shortened his figure."

Do not be afraid, said the bird to the black man, for I am drawing my strength from your fear of my appearance.

"The Saudi continued," "The bird was free to stay where it liked and to increase its power to the extent possible, carrying Arunan on his back and following his father's house to the beach next to his mother's on the other side of the ocean."

Saunagar said, When did the appreciable sun decide to burn the worlds? What did the gods do to provoke his anger?

"He said," "O sinless one, the sun and the moon have shown themselves to be at the side of the gods of Ragu, when they had finished the sea for the first time, and have drunk the purest, and from then on he has hated the gods." ""

"He said," "This hatred of Raghu starts from my desire to do good to the Gods."

I am the only one who has experienced its rewards. in fact, I have not had any help at this time.

"I am going to swallow in front of all the people of heaven, and they will quietly allow this, so I am going to destroy the world." ""

He went to the western mountains and from there he expressed his heat everywhere to destroy the world.

The great sages, who went to the gods, said, 'See, this great heat comes in the middle of the night to frighten every heart and destroy all the three worlds.'

The gods, along with the sages, went to the Great Master and asked him, Why is this heat so hot and scary today?

"They said," "The sun has not yet risen, but destruction is certain. O exalted one! What will happen when he comes up [to the earth]?" ""

The Great Potter replied: Truly the sun is setting upon the world for the destruction of it, and when he appears, he will burn everything to the ground with fire.

I have already done that.

"Everyone knows Arunava, the wise son of Kashibar, who, along with his great body and great Gandhi, stands before the sun and is a torchbearer to him, and takes away all the power of the former, this action will ensure the good of the world, the good of the sages and the people of the world." ""

Saudis continued: Arunan did all the things that were to be done by the order of the Great Master.

Why was I so angry with the sun till now?

