"Saudi said," "The rain-soaked snakes were very happy after that." ""

The beautiful winged bird rushed to the island to carry itself

The island was determined by the Creator of the universe as the location of the pollen

There they saw a terrible sea of salt

Those who came with Garuda felt that there was a beautiful underwater forest, and the sound of the winged musicians was everywhere.

There, clusters of trees were filled with a variety of flowers and fruits

There were beautiful mansions and lakes full of lotus trees.

There were many lakes with clean water

There was excitement because of the fresh air

There were many trees that grew only in the Malayan hills, whose heights were so high that they could reach the sky.

In many other trees, their flowers fell and spread beautifully with the help of a thicket

Thus, the forest was beautiful and always a delight and a delight for the devotees

It was full of intoxicating beetles eating wine from flowers.

"" "All these scenes were very enjoyable"

For many reasons, the forest was pleasing, beautiful and sacred

It echoed the sounds of many birds and brought joy to the grandsons of Katru

The snakes came to the forest and spent their time happily

Let them lead us to some other beautiful, clean - water island, to the mighty King of the Birds, Lord of Power.

"" "Since you didn't fly, you must have seen so many beautiful places when you flew like this" ""

"After thinking about it for some time, Garu asked his mother," "Mother, why should I carry out all these orders of snakes?" ""

When I was asked this question, I said to my son, who is a man of all virtues, power and strength, O best of all birds, and my misfortune, I became a slave to my fellow man.

When she heard her mother say that the snakes had deceived her, had defeated her in the race, and had caused her to fall into this condition, the skydiver was very distressed, and she said to the snakes, If I bring something, or if I get knowledge of something, or if I do something heroic, then tell me, we will be free from this bondage.

"The Saudis continued," "Snakes who heard this, bring your strength to me." ""

O birds, you will be free from slavery.

