"Saudi said," "When the snakes said this, Garuda said to his mother, 'I am going to get Amudha. I want to eat something on the way, please guide me'."
The question was: There is a beautiful dwelling place for Nishadars in the far away, in the middle of the sea.
But do not think in your mind to deceive a Brahmin, for in every living being, a Brahmin should not be killed.
When a Brahmin is angry, he becomes like a fire, or like the sun, or like a weapon with a sharp end, or like a poison.
So it is not good to hate Brahmins under any circumstances.
O sinless man, even the sun and fire cannot burn like the fire of a brahmin who had severe fasts.
"With many such references, you can know a good Brahmin. a Brahmin is the first of all living beings, the first of all four varnas, and he becomes the father and leader of all living beings." ""
"He said to her," "Mother, what is the form of a Brahmin, what is his conduct, what are his powers? Is he as bright as fire, or is he silent?" ""
Oh mother, what better signs could you recognize a Brahmin? You have to answer me.
"He said," "O potter, when you have entered your throat, know as one who will cause you trouble, like a fish or burning coal, the best of the Brahmins."
"You should not kill any Brahmin in anger." ""
"" "He who cannot digest with your intestines, know him as a good Brahmin," "she said."
Disillusioned by snakes and devastated by grief, she blessed her son whole - souled, even though she knew of his unique strength.
"" "O Marudhan (the wind god), let the sun and the moon save you, let the fire save your head, and let the spears save your whole body."
Go in peace, and be in good health from your grievous sickness.
"" "Hearing these words of his mother, he stretched out his wings and climbed up into the sky."
He sought to kill the Nishadars, and caused a great cloud of dust to cover the sky, and took up water from the sea, and shook the trees that grew in the mountains.
The king of the birds, with his mouth, closed the main gates of the city of the Nishadas and enlarged the gate, and the Nishadas ran in the direction of his open mouth, where they ate the snake at great speed.
Just as thousands of birds emerge from the wind-blown forest trees, the Nishadas, blinded by the dust of the storm, fell into the open to welcome them.
Then the chief of the astrologers, the one who was destroying those enemies, the one who had great power, the one who had great advantage over the one who had the means to complete his task, the one who was hungry, the one who had the means to do it, closed his mouth and killed the innumerable fishermen who were doing the fishing.
