Saudi continued, and a Brahmin, along with his wife, entered the applicant's throat

The former shot the bird in the throat as if it were a woodpecker

And he said unto him, O thou fairest of the Brahmins, when thou openest my mouth unto thee, get thee out quickly.

"" "Even if a Brahmin is involved in any sinful act, I should not have been killed," "he said"

"When he said this to her, the Brahmin said," "Oh, let this Nishat, my wife, also come out with me"

"" "Then bring out with you the woman of the house, (the wife) of the Nishads, with you, quickly." ""

Save yourself without delay, as you are not yet digested by the heat of my intestines.

The Brahmin along with his wife came out with the Nishad and praised Garuda and went the way he wanted to

As soon as the Brahmin came out with his wife, the bird spread out the wings of the king and flew up with great speed

And then he saw his father, and he spoke to the impeccable black man he called, and he spoke to him correctly.

"The great sage asked," "Are you well? Are you getting enough food every day? Are you getting enough food in the world of men?" ""

With Garuda, my mother is fine.

My brother and I are the same

But Father, I don't always get enough food, so I don't have peace in my heart.

I have been sent by snakes to bring a wonderful miracle

To free my mother from slavery, I must bring it today

My mother ordered me to feed the Nishadars

I ate them in thousands, but my hunger was not satisfied.

O Lord, show me some other food, so that I may be strong enough to take the elixir of life,

"He said," "Please point out to me the right food to quench my hunger and thirst." ""

It is also known in the world of God.

It has an elephant with its face downwards, constantly pulling its brother turtle

Let me tell you in detail about the rivalry between the two from the beginning

I'll explain why they're here. Listen carefully.

There was a time when there was a saint called Vibhavasur

"" "He was very angry"

He had one younger brother.

He was not willing to share his wealth with his brother.

Supreggan was always talking about division

Some time later, it would be foolish for humans to look at Vibhavasur Supratika and, out of a blind desire for wealth, want to divide the ancestral wealth that came through their father's line

After splitting the inheritance, they will continue to fight with each other over the illusory illusions of wealth

Then, under the guise of friends between the ignorant and the selfish, the enemies point out the flaws and create divisions, the conflict becomes stronger, and the latter fall one after the other.

Complete destruction will soon reach the survivors

For this reason, the wise do not approve of the split between brothers, so that the dissenting brothers live in fear of one another, shunning official literature

"But Supratika, instead of accepting my advice, said," "You always want to arrange your personal wealth, and therefore you will be an elephant." ""

And the cursed man looked at Vibhavasur, and cursed him, and said, Thou also shalt go over as a turtle, that wanders in the middle of thee.

Such fools as Suprathikan and Vibhavasur cursed each other for their wealth and became elephants and goats respectively

Because of their anger, they became such low animals.

They have always been proud of their wealth and weight and have always fostered enmity among themselves

The two big animals in the lake are perfectly suited for their ancestral enmity

Here's a look at one of them, this big, handsome elephant, is still getting closer.

An underwater elephant with a large body can hear the elephants splash and come out and violently mix the lake

Upon seeing the turtle, the elephant turns its praise and runs into the water

With great power, it mixes the movement of its teeth, its praise, its tail and its feet with the waters of the lake full of fish

The mighty turtle also comes forward to attack with its head raised

The elephant is six yojana in height and twice its circumference

The tortoise has a height of three yojanas and a circumference of ten yojanas

Let them both eat, for they are mad, and ready to attack each other, and then do what you will.

"He said," "Eat the wild elephant, which looks like a mountain, and like a multitude of black clouds." ""

The Saudis continued, saying to the black man, You will be blessed when you fight the gods.

O egg-laying people, may the full Kumbh, the Brahmans, the cows, and other sacred things bless you!

O mighty one, when you fight with the gods, Rick, Yajur, Cham, and the sacred ointment, and all the mysteries, let them make you strong.

He went to the lake with Garh, who was blessed by his father

He saw a variety of birds around the clear waters

The astronaut, who was quick to move, remembered his father's words and clung the elephant on one leg and the tortoise on the other

Then the bird flew high

Upon reaching the holy place of Alamba Tirtha, he found many divine trees

With the wind blowing from his wings, the trees began to tremble with fear

The golden branches of divine trees feared that we might be broken

Seeing the trees that gave the desired gifts tremble with fear, the astronaut sought out other trees of unique beauty

The great trees were branches of gold and silver, and fruit with precious stones

They were cleaned by sea water

When the king of the birds approached the tree, which was the largest of the trees, he said, 'Sit on my big branch, which is a hundred yojanas wide, and feed the elephant and the tortoise.'

As he sat on the branch of the banyan tree, which was full of leaves and was home to thousands of winged creatures, the best of all birds, with a mountainlike body and great speed, broke down

