O Son of Soot, what is the error of Indra? and what is his carelessness? how is it that he is born with the womb through the use of the penance of the vultures?

How did Cassiodorus become a son to the king of birds, and how is he a master of all living things?

"" "How can the skydiver go where he wants and reach the power he wants?"

And Saudi, what you're asking for is really mythology.

I will explain everything in detail.

Once upon a time, Casiaphar, the chief of the living creatures, prayed for a son and was helped by the sages, the gods and the Kandars

Casiapar commissioned Indra, along with the monks Valkyrie and other gods, to bring in the fuel needed for the procession

Lord Indra carried the weight of the mountain according to his strength, without any difficulty

On the way, he saw the sages of Valagilya, who had the size of a thumb, carrying a stick of palazza leaves

The sages were so skinny without food that their bodies were hidden inside their bodies, and they were so weak that they had to struggle so much as to drown in the water in the hole where the cows' hoofs were placed on the way.

And the prodigal, proud of his power, not only went over their heads, but also looked at them, and laughed at them.

With great anger and pain, these disgraced sages organised a big procession to scare Indra

Crossing the head is still viewed as an act of disrespect

"O Saunire, the sages who fast to fulfill their wishes, who are wise and noble and wise, leave pure ghee and shout," "May there be another Indra who can go to any place of his will, who can achieve all the powers of his will, who can give fear to the Lord of the living gods." ""

They said that as a result of our sins, a man should appear to be swift and fierce.

And when the chief of the gods, which heard it, was afraid, and had made a thousand plagues, he sought refuge with the fasting ghazal.

Kashibar, the king of Prajapati, asked Indra for everything and went to the valagilyars and asked them if their mission was successful

The sages, who spoke the truth, said, let them do as you say. the lord of all the three worlds, the lord of all the worlds, the lord of all the worlds, the lord of all the worlds, the lord of all the worlds, the lord of all the worlds, the lord of all the worlds.

Monks, you too are trying to produce another Indra! Great people, it is better for you not to lie to the words of Brahma

Do not let this effort go in vain

"He said," "May there appear to be a man of great wealth, a man of the feather of his life, and have mercy on this woman who is bowing down before you." ""

The valkyriyas, who were requested by the gachiar, paid their respects to Prajapati Kashiyar, the chief of the sages, and started speaking.

They said they would do whatever was right and good in the matter

Then, because of her desire for children, her fasting, her bathing, her cleansing, and the right time for a relationship, she approached her leader.

The cacieber said to her, Respected, my service has now borne fruit.

You will get what you want.

You will have two brave sons, the leaders of the three worlds.

He said that with the pure purpose of my mission and the saintliness of the valkyriyas, the sons would be worthy of the worship of the gods and the gods.

These two are the leaders of all living beings.

"" "These brave astronauts will be respected by all three worlds," "he said"

Satisfied with what happened, Prajapati requested Indra to help him with two brothers of great strength and courage

They will not harm you.

Let your grief be over and you will be the leader of everyone.

Never ever again, demean those who pronounce the name of Lord Brahma

"" "Don't insult anyone who speaks such words like a thunderbolt and anger," "he said"

Upon hearing this, Indra gave up his fear and went to Devaloka

She was very happy that she had achieved her goal.

She had two sons, Arunan and Garudan

Arunan, who was born with a weak body, stood as a driver for the sun

Garudon was given the leadership of the birds

O progenitor of Brugu, listen carefully to Garudan's great achievements.

