The Saudis continued, as soon as he touched the mighty tree with his foot, the branch of the tree broke off and he grabbed it with the tree.

With a twinkle in his eye, he saw the sages of Valakilya hanging upside down from it and repenting.

Realizing that the sages would be killed if the branch fell down, the mighty man tightened his grip on the elephant and the tortoise.

Fearing that the sages would be killed, he climbed the branch with his wings outstretched, wishing to save them.

The great sages marveled at this feat, which even the gods could not, and gave the mighty bird a name.

The Valkyries, the first of the snakes, the first of the birds and the astronaut to carry the heavy load, were said to be known as Garuda because of their wings, and the Valkyries named Garuda.

He looked down at the various areas below while ascending with the elephant and the turtle

He wanted to save the Valkyries, but Amara could not find a place

At last he went to Kandhamadana hill, the foremost of the mountains

There he saw his father, Kasiyapara, who was meditating with dedication

He who is that celestial being, that divine form, who is very bright, strong and powerful, who is windy, temperamental, who is as big as a mountain peak, who is ready to strike like the curse of a Brahmin, who is incomprehensible, who can cause all life to be terrifying, who is terrifying. He saw the one who shines, the one who can not be defeated by the gods, the demons, the monsters, the one who splits the mountain, drinks the ocean and destroys the three worlds, the one who looks like a ferocious Yaman, the one who leaks his son blind.

The famous leaker, noticing that he was approaching himself, spoke knowing his purpose

Leaked, oh baby! Do not do the untested act

Doing so will cause you pain

The Saudis continued, "These savages, who are living by drinking the sun's rays, will scatter you if they are angry.

The task he intends to accomplish is daunting

He begged you to give him permission

The Saudis continued, and the monks, who had been thus prayed for by the famous leaker, abandoned the branch and went to the sacred Himalayas to perform their dharma rites.

When the sages left, he put his son-in-law's branch of that quiz in his mouth and said to his father, Kasiyapari, with a restrained voice, O special one! Where do I throw the branch of this tree? O glorious one! He asked me to point out a part where there were no humans

Leaker told of a mountain with caves and always snow-covered valleys, uninhabitable even by ordinary creatures.

The giant bird carried the branch, the elephant and the tortoise and flew fast towards the mountain

The trunk of the tree on which the large-bodied bird was lifted could not be wrapped around, even if it was made of a hundred skins.

With Garuda, the king of birds, he flew hundreds of thousands of projects in a very short time

The astronaut, in an instant, followed the direction indicated by his father and reached the mountain, where he descended the gigantic branch.

It fell with parole

The prince of those mountains trembled when he was struck by the storm that had risen from Garuda's wings

The trees there also blossomed

The peaks, which adorned the mountain with gems and gold, fell down everywhere

The branch that fell fell on the trees with golden flowers in the middle of the clusters of black leaves like lightning clouds and tilted them.

Gold-plated amulets fell down, stained with mountain metals, and shone like those bathed in the sun's rays.

Then, with the best of the birds, Garuda, sitting on the top of the mountain and having the elephant and the tortoise, flew away from the mountain with great speed.

Various evil omens appeared and frightened the gods

Indra's favorite diamond weapon shone with fear

Meteors from the sky fell during the day with fire and smoke

The weapons of the Vasus, Rudras, Adityas, Sapphires, medicines and other deities exerted their power within themselves.

Such an event did not take place even during the Devasura war

Thunderstorms hit, and thousands of meteors fell

The sky was cloudy but still thundering

God also showered blood on the gods

The garlands around the necks of the gods withered and their heroism faded

Terrible clouds rained down thick blood

The dust created by the Brihaspati wind dimmed and dimmed the shine of the crowns of the gods.

The one who saw these evil obstacles and made a thousand questions along with other gods and was confused by fear, said to Brihaspati, O worshiper, why did these natural rages suddenly arise? I have not seen any enemy to defeat us in battle

Brihaspati, O chief of the gods, O one who has performed a thousand vows.

The son of the leaker and the vindictive, who is a mighty astronaut and possesses the image of thought, is approaching to snatch Soma, and that bird, the foremost of the mighty, can capture Soma from you.

He can do everything, he can easily achieve something he cannot achieve

The Saudis continued, hearing these words, Indra told the guards guarding the elixir that a bird of great strength and power intended to snatch the elixir, and he should not let it be snatched away.

I therefore warn you in advance

Brihaspati was reported to have said that he had unlimited power

The gods were amazed to hear this and took protective measures

They stood around the elixir, and Indra, the great hero and diamond bearer, stood with them

The gods wore breastplates encrusted with precious gold and firm, shiny leather armor.

The mighty gods, armed with a variety of spiked, terrifying figures, armed with innumerable weapons that glowed with flames and smoke.

They wore a lot of wheels, iron rods with spiked thorns, tridents, battle axes, various types of spiked hooks, polished wands, and weapons with horrible shapes.

Wearing bright weapons and divine ornaments to quell their fears, the gods waited there.

The gods of incomparable strength, power, and brilliance decided to protect the elixir

They looked like fire, capable of destroying cities of monsters

As the gods stood on the spot with iron stories of hundreds of thousands of spiked thorns, the place looked like another sky shining with the rays of the sun.

