Chaunagar, O Sutap Puthalva! What was the mistake made by Indra? What was his careless act? How was Garuda born as a result of the Valagilya's asceticism?

How did Kasyapa become the son of the king of birds? How is he invincible and invincible by all creatures?

How can that astronaut go anywhere and reach the desired power? He asked if I wanted to hear it if these details were in the myths

For that, everything the Saudis and water ask for is really in the myths

O bisexuals, I will tell you everything in detail

In the past, Kasiyapar, the leader of the creatures, prayed for childbirth and was helped by sages, gods and gandars.

Kasiyapar had appointed Indra and his helpers, the Valakilyas and other deities, to bring fuel for the fire.

Lord Indra, without any difficulty, carried a heavy load like a mountain to his strength.

On the way, he saw all the thumb-sized Valakilya sages carrying a stick of balasa leaf together.

The sages were so weak without food that they hid their bodies inside the body.

Purandaran, arrogant in his strength, not only overcame them over his head, but looked back at them and insulted them with a mocking smile.

Such insulted sages, with great anger and suffering, arranged for a great uproar and frightened Indra.

Crossing the head is still considered an insult by us today

O Sonakare! Those saints who are fasting, wise, and good, who ask and fulfill their wishes, leave the pure ghee on the fire, and shout,

They said mantras that for the benefit of our tapas one should appear as fast and terrible as the mind.

Hearing this, the chief of the gods, who had made a thousand vows, with great fear, took refuge in the one who leaked the fasts.

Prajapati Kasiyapar asked everything from Indra and went to the Valkyries and asked if their velvi was successful.

The truth-telling sages said, "Let it happen as you say."

Monks, you too are striving to produce another sense! Best of all, you deserve to keep the words of Brahman from lying

Do not let this effort of yours go in vain

May one appear as an Indra to the winged creatures with great power. He said have mercy on this Indra who is bowing before you.

The Valkyries, who were thus prayed for by the leakers, began to pay their respects to Prajapati Kasiyapar, the first of the sages, and began to speak. This fair held by all of us is held for an Indra! In fact, this is happening when he is born as your son. We leave the fruit in your hands

They said they would do whatever is good and right in this matter

The Saudis continued, and then, heartbroken, fortunate, fasting, and Dakshin's good-natured quiz, she finished her fast, bathed and purified herself with the desire for childbirth, and approached her hero when the time was ripe for the perfect matrimony.

The leaker told her, "Your Excellency, the auction I conducted has now borne fruit."

You get what you pay for

Two brave sons who are leaders of the three worlds will be born to you

By the pure purpose of my vows, and by the penance of the Valkyries, those sons will be highly esteemed and worthy of worship by all three worlds.

These two are the leaders of all winged creatures

He said that these valiant astronauts who reach the thought form in the mere thought will be respected by all the three worlds

Satisfied with what had happened, Prajapati said to Indra, who had made a thousand vows, Two brothers of great strength and valor would be available to help you.

They will not cause you any trouble

Let go of your grief and you will be the leader of all

Never again, do not belittle those who pronounce the name of Brahman

Advised not to insult angry people, those who utter words like thunder

Hearing this, Indra left his fear and went to heaven

Vinaya, too, was very pleased that her purpose had been fulfilled

She had two sons, Arun and Garuda

Born with a deformed body, Arun stood as a driver for the sun

Garuda was given the leadership of the birds

O descendant of Brigu! Listen carefully to Garuda's great achievements

