The Saudis said that after crossing the sea, Kadru got down near the horse with his sister Vinada with rapid speed.

They both saw that the horse, the foremost of the fastest horses, was as white as the moon, with black hair all over its body.

Kadru pointed out that there were a lot of black hairs on the horse's tail, and she became addicted to the very twisted quiz.

She lost the race and regretted that she had fallen into slavery

At the same time, Gandhi, with his majesty and mighty majesty, came to light all the dots of the universe, breaking the egg without his mother's help, with the ability to shape and think as he pleased, to go as far as he thought, and to multiply as much power as he thought.

He shone terribly with light like a pile of fire

With a lightning-like appearance and a glow resembling the fire of the end of the age, the bird grew rapidly at birth, multiplied in size and flew into the sky.

Roaring furiously and passionately, he appeared as terrifying as a second sea fire

All the gods who saw him were frightened and asked the prostitute for protection

They bowed down to the god who sat on his throne, and said to him, O Agni, do not multiply your body, will you consume us? Behold, these great flames are growing wider and fierce.

Ivan is the one who resembles me in the light with the mighty Garuda; Of great power; Born to multiply the joy of curiosity

The bright optics you see have caused this dizziness within you

The majority-matched son of Ivan the Terrible; The one who destroys the dragons; The one who engages in the good of the gods is the enemy of the Thais and the Ratchasaras

Do not be afraid to look at him

He told the gods to come with me and see

The gods, seeing from afar, you are the sage, you are the one who shares most of the avirbha available, you are the leader of the ever-shining, you are the destroyer of all, you are the creator of all, you are the creator of Hiranyakarpan, You are Vishnu Hayagriva with face, you are Kana, you are Padmajan with four faces, you are Brahman, you are Agni, you are Bhavan

You are the knowledge, you are the illusion that seduces us, you are the penetrating spirit, you are the God of the gods, you are the great truth, you are the fearless, you are the unchanging Brahman, you are the power of the sun, you are the protector of the will, you are the savior of the divine, the sea of ​​the divine. Thou art without transcendence, Thou art the possessor of the six higher qualities, Thou art invincible in our rivalries, Thou art the Maker of all things, Thou art the doer of all wonderful things, Thou art the Pure Wisdom, Thou art the One who illuminates us with all that is in us, You are the one who covers the light of the sun, you are the one who destroys everything, you are the one who destroys and destroys everything.

A fiery fire with a ferocious garuda! You are the one who burns everything, just as the sun burns all living things with its wrath, O terrible one!

O mighty Garuda who browses in the sky, we ask you for our protection

O manna of birds! You are the one who shines like darkness inaccessible lightning with supernatural power and radiance like fire.

Oh my God! This universe is warmed by your Gandhi, like glittering gold.

O best of birds! You are the leader of all, you are the son of the merciful high spiritual sage Kasiyapar, may you have mercy on the universe without anger.

Thou art the head of all things, temper thy wrath, and save us

With your voice like the sound of thunder, O bird, you make the ten points of the universe, the heavens, the heavens, the earth, and our hearts tremble constantly.

Shrink this body of yours like fire

When we see you with Gandhi like an angry Yaman, we lose our peace of mind and tremble

O leader of the birds! We need your mercy to benefit us by your grace

O special one! They asked us to give them pleasure and good fortune.

