The Saudis said that the most suitable bird, which could go anywhere at will, went to his mother's place and landed on the beach.

There she lost a strange race and lived a life of addiction and sadness

Once Kadru called Vinada and Vinada fell down and woke her up. Kadru said in the presence of her son,

When she told me to lift her up there, the mother of that beautiful feathered bird carried the mother of snakes.

Garuda also carried the snakes, according to his mother

The astronaut, who was born to wonder, just ascended towards the sun

So, the snakes were shot by the sun's rays and fainted

Seeing the condition of his sons-in-law, Kadru prayed to Indra, "I adore you, Goddess!" I adore you, the one who killed Virutran! I adore you

Slay the snakes shot by the sun with your raindrops, you who killed Namusi, the one with a thousand eyes

O best of the gods! You are our best guardian

Oh Purandara! You are the one who orders the rain during the season

You are the gas, you are the cloud, you are the fire, you are the lightning in the sky

You are the one who spreads the clouds, you are the one who is called the great cloud

You are the incomparable, terrible thunder and clouds

You are the creator of the world, you are the destroyer

You are invincible

You are the light of all beings, you are the Adityan, the Vipavasu, the wonderful giants

You are the leader of all the gods

Vishnu, you are the one with thousands of eyes! You are God, you are the ultimate protection

Oh my God! Elixir and admirable Soma are you

The lunar day is you, the jack is you, the moment is you

Wax and you, tea and you

Thrudi is you, Kashta is you, art is you

The year is you, the seasons are you, the months are you, the nights are you, the days are you

You are a beautiful land full of mountains and forests

You are the sky shining by the sun

You are the ocean full of whales, whale-eating creatures, crocodiles and various fish.

You are the one who is praised by the most attentive Rishis and sages

You are the one who drinks the laziness of the wounds, the clear ghee with spells, for the benefit of all living beings in the world.

You are the one who is always worshiped in vain by the Brahmins who desire the fruits of desire

You are incomparably strong, you are the one who is sung in the Vedas and Vedas

You are the reason why educated Brahmins always conduct Vedas and study the Vedas with great care

