The Saudis said, "Say snakes like this, to his mother with Garu who heard it," I go and bring the elixir. I want to eat something along the way. Guide me also into the good behaviors and to avoid displaying some profane ones. "

Question, "In the distance, there is a beautiful abode of Nishadars in the Mediterranean.

But, do not count in your mind to take the life of any Brahmin. The Brahmin should not be killed in all beings. He's really like fire.

When a Brahmin gets angry, he becomes like fire, or like the sun, or like a sharp-pointed weapon, or like poison. The Brahmin is said to be the leader of all beings. For this and other reasons the Brahmin is revered among the virtuous.

So enmity with Brahmins is not good under any circumstances. Oh son! Even if you are angry, do not kill the Brahmins.

O sinless one! Like the wrath of a Brahmin who has had severe fasts, neither the sun nor the fire can burn it.

You can get to know a good Brahmin with many tips like this. Brahman is the first born of all living beings. Foremost among the four colors. He is the Father and the Leader of all living beings. "

Garuda said, "O Mother, what form will a Brahmin be? What will be his conduct? What powers will he have? Will he shine like fire? Or will he be peaceful?

O Mother, by what excellent signs can a Brahmin be identified? You deserve to answer me. "

Question, "O child! As soon as it enters your throat, may you know the one who causes you misery, like a fish sting or burning coal, the best of the Brahmins.

You should not kill any Brahmin out of anger. "

"Let him who is indigestible by your gut be known as a good Brahmin."

Disillusioned by the snakes and suffering, she blessed him wholeheartedly despite knowing her son's incomparable strength.

"Let the Maruthan (wind angel) protect your wings, let the sun and moon protect your spine. Let the fire protect your head, and let the vassals protect your whole body.

I am also sitting here for your benefit. Oh baby! Go safely and finish your thing. "

The Saudis continued, "When Garuda heard these words of his mother, he spread his wings and soared into the sky.

Desiring to kill the Nishadars, he covered the sky with a great hail of dust at that place. He sucked water from the sea and shook the trees growing in the mountains.

The king of the birds, with his mouth, closed the main gates of the city of the Nishadars and enlarged the mouth. The Nishadars ran with great speed in the direction of his snake-eating open mouth.

Just as thousands of birds soared from the wild trees swaying in the wind, so did those night owls, blinded by the dust of the storm and falling into the mouth of the blind man who had opened to welcome them.

Then the leader of those astronauts, who destroyed those enemies, who was of great strength, who moved with great agility and greed to finish his thing, shut his mouth and killed the innumerable Nishadars who were engaged in the fishing business. "

