The Saudis continued, a Brahmin with his wife slitting the applicant's throat

The former Sudarvitteri shot the bird in the throat like wood

With him Garuda, O best of the Brahmins, come out quickly when I open my mouth for you.

What a sinful act a Brahmin is engaged in, but he should not be killed by me.

After saying this to the black man, the Brahmin said, "Oh, let this Nishad woman, my wife, come out with me."

With that said, bring that woman from the Nishata race with you and come out quickly

I will save you from procrastination, for you have not yet been digested by the heat of my bowels

The Saudis continued, after which the Brahmin came out with his wife, who belonged to the Nishad tribe, and praised the blind man and went his own way.

As soon as the Brahmin came out with his wife, the bird king spread his feathers and soared into the sky with mental speed.

Then he saw his father and spoke to him with that incomparably powerful man whom he had called

That great sage O child! Are you ok Do you get the food you need every day? Do you get a lot of food in the human world? He asked

With Garu, my mother is fine

My Tamayan and I are like that

But Father, I do not always have enough food so I do not have peace of mind

I have been sent by snakes to carry the wonderful elixir

To free my mother from slavery, I will definitely bring it up today

My mother ordered me to eat Nishadars

I ate thousands of them but my appetite was not included

So, O glorious one, be strong enough to snatch the elixir, and show me some other food.

Point out the food that will quench my hunger and thirst.

Ifu is also known in the heavens

It has an elephant face down, constantly dragging its brother the tortoise

Let me tell you in detail about the enmity that exists between those two from birth

Listen carefully as I elaborate on why they are here

Once upon a time there was a great sage called Vipavasur

He was also very angry

He had a brother named Subramanian

The latter was reluctant to share his wealth with his brother

Subramaniam was always talking about partition

After some time, looking at Vibhavasur Subramaniam, it is a great folly for human beings to want to divide the hereditary wealth that came from their paternal line out of blind desire for wealth.

After the division of hereditary property, they will continue to fight with each other under the spell of wealth.

Then the enemies in the guise of friends between the ignorant and the selfish will point out the flaws and create differences, and the conflict will intensify, so that the latter will fall one after the other.

Complete damage will arrive sooner rather than later

This is why the wise will not approve of division among the brethren.

But Subradeeka, you have always disobeyed my advice and longed for separation and wanted to arrange for your personal wealth so you cursed that you will pass like an elephant

Subradeegan cursed Vipavasura and said, "You, too, are a tortoise moving in the middle of the water."

Such idiots Subradeegan and Vipavasur cursed each other for their wealth and became elephants and turtles respectively.

They became such humble beasts because of their anger

They are proud of their strength and weight and are always at enmity with each other

In this lake the two animals with that huge body are behaving according to their prenatal enmity

Behold, one of them, this beautiful elephant with a big body, is still approaching

The tortoise, which has a large body of water, listens to the elephant's roar and rushes out to the lake.

When the elephant sees the tortoise, it spins its trunk and runs into the water

With great power he stirs the waters of the lake full of fish with the movement of his ivory and his anthem, tail and legs.

The tortoise with great strength lifts its head and comes forward to attack

The elephant is six yojanas in height and twice its circumference

The tortoise has three yojanas in height and ten yojanas in circumference

Feed these two who are ready to attack you for killing each other like crazy and then do what you want.

Eat the savage elephant that looks like a mountain and a cloud of black clouds and bring the elixir.

The Saudis continued, saying to Garuda, "You will be blessed when you fight with the gods."

O egg-laying species! May Puranakumbh, Brahmins, cows, and other sacred objects bless you

O Most Powerful! When you fight with the gods, Rick, Yajur, bless him so that the samas, the sacred weaving, and all the mysteries, may strengthen you.

Thus Garuda, blessed by his father, went near the lake

He saw different kinds of birds around the clear water

The astronaut, remembering his father's words, grabbed the elephant by one leg and the tortoise by the other.

Then the bird flew high into the sky

Reaching the sacred place of Alamba Theertham, he saw many divine trees there

The trees began to tremble with fear at the impact of the wind that raised his wings

Those divine trees with golden branches were afraid that we would break

The astronaut, who saw the trees giving the desired gifts, trembling with fear, went in search of other trees of incomparable appearance.

The giant trees had branches of gold and silver, and fruits of precious stones.

They were purified by seawater

As the king of birds approached with great speed, a large ala tree, which had grown enormously among the trees there, the tree sat on this large branch of mine, which stretched a hundred yojanas, and ate the elephant and the tortoise.

The best of birds, with a mountain-like body and great speed, he quickly sat down on the branch of the tree, which was covered with leaves and sheltered by thousands of feathered creatures.

